=pod

=head1 NAME

Ceph::RadosGW::Admin - Bindings for the rados gateway admin api.

=head1 VERSION

version 0.4

=head1 SYNOPSIS
	
	my $admin = Ceph::RadosGW::Admin->new(
		access_key => 'not really secret',
		secret_key => 'actually secret',
		url        => 'https://your.rados.gateway.com/',
	);
	
	my $user  = $admin->create_user(
		uid          => 'myusername',
		display_name => 'my user name',
	);
	
	# they're really evil, suspending them should be enough
	$user->suspended(1);
	$user->save;
	
	# nah, they're really evil
	$user->delete;
	
	my $otheruser = $admin->get_user(uid => 'other');
	
	my @keys          = $otheruser->keys();
	my @keys_plus_one = $otheruser->create_key();
	
	$otheruser->delete_key(access_key => $keys[0]->{access_key});
	
	my @buckets = $otheruser->get_bucket_info();
	

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module provides an interface to the
L<Admin OPs|http://docs.ceph.com/docs/master/radosgw/adminops/> interface of a
ceph rados gateway.  It is at this time incomplete, with only the parts needed
by the authors implemented. Patches for the rest of the functionality are
encouraged.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 get_user

Returns a L<Ceph::RadosGW::Admin::User> object representing the given C<uid>.

Dies if the user does not exist.

Example:

	my $user = $admin->get_user(uid => 'someuserhere');
	

=head2 create_user

Makes a new user on the rados gateway, and returns a
L<Ceph::RadosGW::Admin::User> object representing that user.

Dies on failure.

Example:

	my $new_user = $admin->create_user(
		uid          => 'username',
		display_name => 'Our New User',
	);

=head1 TODO

=over 2

=item *

The docs are pretty middling at the moment.

=item *

This module has only been tested against the Dumpling release of ceph.  

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

    Chris Reinhardt
    crein@cpan.org

    Mark Ng
    cpan@markng.co.uk   
    
=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is free software; you can redistribute
it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

The full text of the license can be found in the
LICENSE file included with this module.

=head1 SEE ALSO

perl(1), L<Admin OPs API|http://docs.ceph.com/docs/master/radosgw/adminops/>
L<Ceph|http://www.ceph.com/>

=cut
